Project Name: Insight
Frontend: HTML/CSS/Javascript, hosted on Github Static Pages
Backend: Python hosted on Cloud Run
External service: Gemini API
SheetJS for Excel Parsing, ApexCharts for charts, jsPDF+html2canvas for PDF export, PapaParse for CSV parsing

User Flow:
1. User accesses the initial web page, uploads an excel file or google sheets URL.
2. After processing, user is directed to a dashboard page, displaying 3 automatically generated charts in individual cards.
3. The user can individually generate an AI summary for each chart, or manually create/remove charts.
4. The user can individually, or select multiple charts to export the chart with or without the AI summary, in PDF or image formats.

System Flow:
1. After the user uploads an excel file or google sheets URL, each column is processed to determine the role, category, and trend.
2. Based on the derived data of each columns, a set of suggested charts are generated, then charts are automatically generated.
3. When the user requests for an AI summary, derived data (along with units) for that chart is sent to backend.
4. The backend calls Gemini API to generate the summary then sends back to frontend to be displayed.

Key Notes:
1. Calculations are performed on frontend using Web Worker, only derived data is sent to backend, which then calls Gemini API with it. Goal is to minimise token usage.
2. The system does not store user-uploaded data beyond the duration of a session. Only derived data is sent to Gemini API, to maintain privacy and security.
3. The frontend is build as a Single Page Application (SPA) to keep the data in memory without a database.
4. The system only supports public URLs for Google Sheets, and will prompt the user to make it public, providing detailed step-by-step instructions to do so.
5. To ensure Gemini provides consistent summaries, System Instructions in the backend define a strict output format.
6. AI responses are cached in the frontend to prevent repeated API calls.
7. Implement Data Downsampling if dataset has >1000 rows.
8. If the backend fails, the user shouldn't lose their dashboard; only that specific summary card should show an error.
9. Set Gemini temperature to a low value in backend.

Additional Features:
1. Day/Night modes
2. User may edit chart titles
3. Time range control
4. User may remove generated charts
5. User may generate new charts automatically (one-click) or manually (select X and Y axes)
6. "Save Session" button that exports a small JSON file containing the derived data and AI summaries, allowing user to re-upload this JSON later without re-running API calls
7. If the AI summary identifies a "Peak" or "Crash," have the frontend highlight that specific point on the chart.
8. Allow users to resize or reorder the cards.
9. A clear privacy notice on the interface in all pages, along with a link to the github page (https://github.com/NCTjinn/Insight/)
10. The user interface shall be responsive and functional on most devices